another in d'box guys let's find out
what's inside is nuclear throne whereas
a nuclear throne let's SiC another india
Box challenge I need to get up to date
with any box so I can start doing these
challenges once I get up to speed guys
which will probably never if I get back
to speed with like oh Linda box schedule
then I will go ahead and try the Indy
Box challenge and let you guys know in
send video or where were the hell they
want me to do but let's see what's in
here of course the key I will give to
you guys later I've heard about this
game it is from oh he doesn't even say
the name on here but I know that logo
blam beer I love blam beer I'm kind of a
beer connoisseur so I like when a
company is named Vlambeer nom King I'm
just messing with you because I have a
subscriber was over the Netherlands and
he absolutely hates it when people
mispronounce that studio name he tells
me that the actual name and yes he did
go off on me on this he tells me that
the actual pronunciation of it is flambe
so that's how you're supposed to
pronounce it flambe ax and the reason
why is because well the reason why I
that pronunciation is correct because as
you can see it's a little bear and then
there's a flame behind him so it's flam
they're not Vlambeer as us Americans
like to say it was nuclear throne I've
heard about this game but I've never
played it before and um that's nifty
can't a little sleeve on there yeah this
looks like a really cool game I don't
know I've heard this sort of like a
rogue like I i don't know but i've heard
it's a very very good game let's see
what's in here something big what the
heck these are like little figures or
something that's pretty cool let's yeah
let's open it up there's this guy come
on
ah it's like a little space cadet dude
again I've never played this game so I
don't know what these guys are what they
do I have no clue but that's pretty cool
it's actually a really nice-looking
little figure I mean it's not a perfect
quality but definitely better than
anything I would expect it in any box
I'd say they're bad quality but I mean
it's usually like the last one that
little badge thing that was in the last
hour mellow box i think that was like me
a plastic and I was pretty free
disappointed with that after I figure
that out there's another one kind looks
like the same dude but kind of wrapped
up interesting he's fascinating to know
what these guys do in the game because I
have no clue here's a three-headed guy
come on focus there we go really nice
like I said the paint isn't bad on this
it's actually pretty pretty nice looking
all right done with that we put all this
to the side Ronnie thinks a random
soundtrack cool I don't know if I hear
anything about the music I don't know
some of these that a fantastic music but
otherwise is this sort of magnet what's
almost like a fridge magnet I think it
is it's like in two sections or
something I hope that's not cracked or
no no wait aha look a USB Drive wait is
this the actual game is this how they
shipped it I wonder cuz you know they
always go in that little card that the
game comes with Neela there's something
big in here that I should just get out
right now the maggot it's a big worm
with green spooky stuff only ladies a
pouch
this one's box is pretty damn good
little pouch but there's nothing in here
yeah Oh a little maggot change purse
thing cool what else we got these things
all right here's the little inny box
newsletter let's see is that the actual
game that's chicken thing so much
plastic bag I get out here let's see two
USB oh wait wait starts a new trend for
any box while so they might all be
coming out like this now custom USB and
okay so custom USB Oh a playable chicken
character so do you play chicken than in
this game what okay I don't know but
cool so this is the game that's really
nice and like for instance I was still
playing freedom planet recently and as
you know they would come out on these
little USB sticks use card stick things
so you see they would come out like that
but now I guess they'll be coming out
like this which is really cool I like
this I like this form factor adds a
little bit character to it and I'll just
put that here later let's see what else
is in here nuclear throne oh you know
what I shouldn't yeah yeah I'm not gonna
show that because that's a PlayStation
code so i think that gave me a steam key
and a playstation key so I'm going to
keep the PlayStation key for myself but
I don't worry you guys are still get to
steam key and yeah pretty nice little
instruction manual I love that they're
full color manuals that is such a rarity
these days and that's really sad I i
wish that we didn't live in that world
where manuals are a rarity that's a
pretty cool sticker in d'box sticker and
some illuminati shit i have no clue who
this guy is but i know he's on my dollar
bill um with a golden gun huh that's
weird anything else in the box yes there
is something else more stickers yeah I
think these are stickers okay so i guess
we're against these guys are these the
same as these guys
I don't know like I said never played
this game but anything else in box nope
let me get you guys that key away with
you what was the challenge uh Craig
cosplay of a hero or in okay so this one
you don't even record like gameplay
you're supposed to cosplay or something
what what the hell is this James the
captain morgan as steroids whoa okay I
think James is the guy from indy box but
okay so he's trying to cosplay as that
guy that's weird yeah this could have
been fun but then again I don't show my
face I would have to be somebody who
doesn't have a face all right here's the
stinky guys whoever gets that please
tell us what you thought about the game
and in the meantime time for me to get
this chicken's head off and play me some
nuclear throne Vlambeer not okay zambia
alright guys i sunk way too much time
into this game it's a twin-stick shooter
but a better description of it is to say
that it's a roguelike it does have a
structured stage progression but the
layout of the levels themselves are
completely randomized the game is very
fun and very addictive that's why it
took so much of my time it's one of
those games so you can just pick up and
play anytime because it usually only
takes a few minutes until you get a game
over and that's because this game is
extremely difficult it is one of the
hardest games I played all year you will
be amazed at how quickly things can turn
to shit I even had to ask online and
with a friend I was like is this game
really this difficult or is it just me
but nope it's not just me the game is
infamous for being so hard and usually
when people are complaining about it
others will tell them just get good
which is fair enough the game is still
enjoyable even though it's hard and so
you really just need to get better at it
but to those people I saw who keep
giving that advice of get good let me
tell you this if you chose one of the
characters and nuclear throne is your
avatar then you have no right to tell
people to get good you cannot expect
people to be as devoted as you are to
this game a lot of us got other shit to
do in different things we want to play
so in that sense the high difficulty is
unfair to a lot of people and in fact i
still haven't beaten this game partly
because it won't
let me I download the ps4 version which
of course the Cindy box did come with
and it has a glitch in the final stages
so nine times out of ten it just kills
me off and gives me an error message so
yeah the ps4 version is a mess sometimes
it which up and kick you out after you
exit a level and this game is
frustrating to begin with so that only
hurts even more but to make it a little
less frustrating for you let me share a
little trick that found one of the cool
things about this game is that has
secrets and hidden levels and they can
warp you ahead a few stages so check
this out when you begin the game at
level 1 1 don't shoot anything just go
around and collect the items and
everything but don't kill anything then
if you did that correctly this boss
shows up this boss isn't supposed to
appear until level 13 but once he
appeares kill him immediately and if it
works it takes you to a hidden level
finish that level and then it skipped
you ahead but as much as I hate to say
you are gonna have to get good to use
this because of course it's skipping you
ahead so things are going to get hard
very quickly but at least it gets a
really annoying sewer level out of the
way there's some other interesting stuff
here as well like for instance the
gibberish that's spoken in the game that
is actually fully translatable in the
premium manual that came with the new
box it tells you what everything means
even though this game is brutally hard I
still got it recommended and as much as
it pains me to say I gotta tell you stay
away from the ps4 version not only is it
buggy but I also think it's incomplete I
messed around with the pc version for
just a few minutes and I was able to get
a flamethrower weapon that was never in
the PlayStation version I didn't spend
enough time with the pc version to know
if there's anything else but again I'm
just gonna throw it out there i think
the ps4 version is missing stuff and one
final recommendation do not play this
game if you have high blood pressure
seriously guys it's really fucking
difficult and that's all I have for
today thanks for watching guys I'll see
you next time